@import must occur at top of stylesheet (#22824)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/@import/index.md

{{CSSRef}}

> The **`@import`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [at-rule](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/At-rule) is used to import style rules from other stylesheets. An `@import` rule _must_ occur at the top of stylesheet before any declarations, otherwise it will be ignored.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`@import`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [at-rule](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/At-rule) is used to import style rules from other valid stylesheets. An `@import` rule _must_ be defined at the top of stylesheet, before any other at-rule and style declaration, else it will be ignored.
```

(Referring https://drafts.csswg.org/css-cascade-5/#at-import)

Although the [Description](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@import#description) section mentions the following along with the appropriate qualifiers, I think it is nice to emphasize it in the intro para:
"Imported rules must come before all other types of rules, except [@charset](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@charset) rules and layer creating [@layer](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@layer) statements."

Reviewer: As Estelle has pointed out, maybe change the phrase "before any other at-rule and style declaration" to "before any other at-rule (except [@charset](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@charset) and [@layer](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@layer)) and style declaration"

> The **`@import`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [at-rule](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/At-rule) is used to import style rules from other valid stylesheets. An `@import` rule _must_ be defined at the top of stylesheet, before any other at-rule and style declaration, else it will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`@import`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [at-rule](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/At-rule) is used to import style rules from other valid stylesheets. An `@import` rule _must_ be defined at the top of stylesheet, before any other at-rule (except [@charset](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@charset) and [@layer](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@layer)) and style declaration, else it will be ignored.
```
